that would hope we please welcome back
to the back the yoga instructor do of
David Rockford and Whitney utter yeah
we're right here to celebrate national
yoga day so you gotta bust your best
move and the briefs is outside with the
duo right now yeah that's right Joe and
Stacy David and Whitney are here they're
going to help us find our energy this
morning because we need the positive
energy out there very stressful because
of the Sherpa fire so you have some tips
on posture and wellness yeah today is
actually international yoga day oh very
nice so today's a day for everything
isn't that right but in 2014 the United
Nations all got together 175 countries
voted to recognize summer solstice the
21st day of the dead of June as
international yoga day mainly to
recognize yoga's contribution to
worldwide Health unity and its movement
as medicine yeah it's very relaxing and
healing I mean I don't really practice
yoga as often as I should but I
definitely try the breathing techniques
breathing heavily in and out deep
breaths right yes deep breaths deep
breathing inhale completely in exhale
completely so what are some moves or
tips that you can show us especially
with posture just distressing so today
what we've got is well Yoga is an
ancient practice but we want to stress
the perfect for modern times and one of
the things that we do today is that we
spend a lot of time texting and at the
keyboard and doing things that really
can cause us problems and our wrists and
hands so a nice destresser is to take
your hands together in like a prayer
pose okay and then roll your wrists in
one direction and you want this to be a
slow motion right right and then we'll
reverse
and then there are other things that we
can do with our hands just to stretch
out the wrists and the massage the
tendons and ligaments and all of that
stuff this can help prevent arthritis
because it's important to keep the
circulation in the energy moving
throughout our body so so that's the
first thing that we have for what about
next because they see people texting a
lot and they're always like this what
would be the best posture for that the
next post we were going to do is a
locust pose okay you can do it while
you're standing or while you're seated
in a chair if you just clasp your hands
behind your back and it really helps to
open up across your chest create some
space between your ears and your
shoulders to give your neck that break
and that stretch and you just realize
you could really inhale deeply and
exhale completely getting a nice break
from that slouching and text neck
that's what it's called text me right
that's what everyone is feeling the
stretch exactly you have another pose
you want to show us right yeah well the
final one that we have is one of the
practices of yoga is mindfulness so we
become mindful about our breath about
our posture and what we believe is the
perfect antidote for modern times is to
use your media mindfully and so when we
pull out our phones exactly we go into
the text neck and everybody's down cure
what I want to advocate and this is kind
of crazy is hold your phone proud stand
tall and use it mindfully because you're
talking to a person not a device right
and you wouldn't look down to another
person so be mindful when you actually
are using your media and bra i do i need
help and be proud yeah keep your head
bring your head back a little bit
elongate your neck and we had some yoga
poses we can incorporate into that yeah
thank you so much was great having you
David and Whitney awesome tips Joe Stacy
I'm going to send it back to you in the
studio so true about cell phone use like
we're all just sitting here like this we
did our sector crazy yeah we were doing
we were do I like this one yeah sounds
good that's it for your local news on
FOX 11 thanks for joining us